I need to check whether my EC2 instances are running properly. I have written a script that will help me obtain the instance ID and then send a notification to an SNS topic. How can I obtain the instance ID? Option A, by querying the instance metadata. Option B, by querying the instance user data. Option C, I need to get authorized with an IAM role prior to accessing the instance ID using metadata. Option D, I cannot use a script, I need to login to the AWS console and manually check the instance ID and status. The correct option for the question is A, by querying the instance metadata and the explanation is, correct answer is A. Option A is correct, the instance instances metadata provides me with the information about the instance, like instance ID, local IP, instance type, etc. I can query the instance metadata using an internal IP, http://169.254.254/latest/meta-data/ which can be accessed only from within an EC2 instance. Option B is incorrect, user data is a section used for providing startup configuration to an EC2 instance, eg. if I need to have an Apache web server running on an EC2 instance after its provision, I can use the user data section, provide script for installing the software during instance creation. Option C is incorrect, metadata information is available to EC2 instance by default without the need to provide an IAM role for accessing it. Option D is incorrect, console login or manual intervention is not required to achieve this task. I can write a script, configure and configure it to run at a scheduled time of the day wherein the EC2 instance can express itself to provide its health status.